EQourse 
Reinvent your learning experience, with EQourse.  


About


Eqourse is an utterly rational, factual, and a comprehensive online education platform, to cater the towering levels of genuineness.
Eqourse provides an extraordinary learning experience, with services such as Curriculum Planning, Study Material Development, Online Video Lectures, Tests, Teachers Training for K-12, and Entrance Examinations. 
Preparation material for IIT JEE (Main and Advanced), NEET, AIIMS. 
The founder of Eqourse, Mr. Somveer Tayal, has been an educator from the last 17 years, specializing in IIT JEE (Advanced and Main) Mathematics, K-12 Education (SME), located in the education city of India - Kota, Rajasthan. 

Achieve your goals with Eqourse 
Grasp the latest skills 
Get prepared for a promising career 
Get certified
Upscale your professional growth 


Why Eqourse? 

We aim to provide a world class learning experience with,

Pinnacle Quality
Video lectures streaming from top professionals in the field.


Accessibility 
Learn at your own pace with a variety of options to choose from, including free courses and modules. 


Effective Learning 
Indulge in self-paced quizzes and hands-on projects, with receivable feedback. 


 

Team 

 We have been able to power an efficient team of 10 people. 
The Eqourse family consists of immensely experienced individuals from the education city of Kota. Proactive technical staff and a highly creative marketing team makes us an efficient platform for e-learning. 




Partners 

As it is rightly said by Hellen Keller "Alone we can do so little, but together we can do so much”.  
We at Eqourse strongly feel that our partners are the real pioneers of force.
We have currently partnered with : 

Embibe (A Reliance group initiative) : An AI powered learning and score improvement platform.  

Resonance Eduventures :  A critically acclaimed coaching institute for IIT-JEE, JEE Main (AIEEE), JEE Advanced and Pre-Medical (AIPMT, NEET, AIIMS), Commerce & Law across India.




Courses

Eqourse provides services such as: 


Curriculum Planning : A complex process where we analyse intended learning outcomes, assessments, content and pedagogic requirements necessary for student success across an entire curriculum.


Study Material Development :  While developing study material, one must keep into consideration the material related to reading, problem solving approach and topic analysis of the particular course. 


Online Video Lectures : We design educational lectures to be posted online. Lectures are recorded to video, audio or both, then uploaded and made viewable. 


Tests : We design challenging procedures intended to establish the quality, performance, and reliability of students.


Teachers Training for K-12 : We provide a qualified K12-powered training program for teachers by thorough training in online instruction methods.


Entrance Examinations Preparation : We help our users to prepare themselves for entrance exams for IIT JEE (Main and Advanced), NEET, and AIIMS. 
by practicing using question papers from previous years.


Contact

We believe in providing our esteemed customers with the best online learning experience. Our customer support services are topnotch, with 100% customer satisfaction, We’re always there to help you. 


Contact Information - 

Shall send you later

